your room if there's anything you need
just scream oh good night before this
night is out euro my remote-controlled
fiends will scare them to death now you
get some shut-eye Penfield and maybe the
weather will be better in the morning
crumbs chief I hope so I don't like this
ah what is it pin field this is it a
two-faced this thing on the bottom over
the bed Oh
oh yes those are your feet in building
Oh silly me huh goodnight Penfield be
backed up two headed things the doctor
was under the bed iceberg hmm Oh Oh
crikey sir I wanna make a first but I
don't think we're alone you mean that
that wasn't you snoring painful no no no
sure could be the central heating come
on let's have a look round yeah I mean
you know they're going for walkies
I wouldn't like them to be lonely let's
give them a little company a slashing
thank you hmm now sort of scream that
when you're doing the UM sonic scream
back hoarse voice do you ever get a sore
throat yes I do cut off just by Matt no
I'm putting it on no no well sometimes I
do depends if we've been on a very long
session sometimes we go on for hours and
this is a bit dry he comes back from
lunch in the car I've lost a voice
applause boys yeah there's not because
on horses because I caught them how I
did it yes yeah penfold do you feel
silly during a recording session how
could I feel silly you've got a silly
voice well yours is much better mate I'm
lovable cuz I'm deaf and I don't play
knows it wasn't with me do an easy
it's Danger Mouse how do you feel about
being a star of this series I'm here to
get some oxy well I mean I think you
should do that um no there's no there's
no there's no stars oh we're all
together in the kisser thanks all right
okay come on okay what is the most
difficult part of doing the voices
mm-hmm most difficult part I think is
what is the narration because I play the
narrator as well as Danger Mouse it's
the concentration you have to do five of
these in in a day final episodes we do
in a day humming it to the end of the
day after you've been playing the
narrator all down there your voice gets
very tired that section is very
gentleman would you like to say I think
we better come motor one time to go look
baron greenback I should have known his
evil genius was behind those murderous
machines here pen fell put this on holy
Toledo
before that fool and his four brothers
nothing cheap he can move for a little
encounter